Add Software as a Service Profile (#973)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Service/Vocabularies/AuthenticationProtocolType.md

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# AuthenticationProtocolType

## Summary

Protocols which support authentication.

## Description

This enumeration provides common protocols used in authentication of servers or services over a network.

## Metadata

- name: AuthenticationProtocolType

## Entries

- tls: Transport Layer Security, or TLS, is a widely adopted security protocol designed to facilitate privacy and data security for communications over the Internet.

> - ocsp: OCSP (Online Certificate Status Protocol) is a common schemes used to maintain the security of a server and other network resources.
> - crl: Certificate Revocation List (CRL) - A CRL is a list of revoked certificates that is downloaded from the Certificate Authority (CA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ocsp: Online Certificate Status Protocol, or OCSP, is a common scheme used to maintain the security of a server and other network resources.
- crl: Certificate Revocation List, or CRL, is a list of revoked certificates that is downloaded from the Certificate Authority (CA).
```

Make the writing style at the beginning of the sentence similar to TLS.

> - crl: Certificate Revocation List (CRL) - A CRL is a list of revoked certificates that is downloaded from the Certificate Authority (CA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- tls: Transport Layer Security, or TLS, is a widely adopted security protocol designed to facilitate privacy and data security for communications over the Internet.
- ocsp: Online Certificate Status Protocol, or OCSP, is a common scheme used to maintain the security of a server and other network resources.
- crl: Certificate Revocation List, or CRL, is a list of revoked certificates that is downloaded from the Certificate Authority (CA).
```

Make the writing style at the beginning of the descriptions consistent (based on `tls` entry description).
